
Initial Note: In case of demand of application of Point Addition, the Linux kernel space of driver is evolved to make only point doubling alone or point multiplication (which includes point addition and point doubling). Driver is capable of calculating point doubling. But, in this last version registers are programmed such that they can work together with point doubling. In deed they do serial computations. However, point addition cannot be called to compute just point addition operation.

     Therefore, driver codes from previous branches are added to the project, just to explain the difference.
*************************************************************************************************
Project Topic:
Use of the CryptoCore for generating ECC key material in GF(p) using Jacobi coordinates
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) defines asymmetric cryptographic systems, which perform
operations on elliptic curves over finite fields. Such methods are secure only if discrete
logarithms in the group of points of the elliptic curve cannot be efficiently calculated. The
computation on elliptic curves is done by the operations Point Addition, Point Doubling and
Point Multiplication in which the latter is based on a sequence of Point Doublings and Point
Additions.

Since the problem statement of solving discrete logarithms on elliptic curves (ECDLP) is much
harder than the calculation of discrete logarithms in finite fields or the factorization of integers,
elliptic curve cryptographic systems - at the same level of security - work with considerable
shorter key lengths compared to conventional asymmetric cryptographic systems such as RSA
and the Diffie-Hellman key exchange.

The calculation rule of an ECC Point Addition as well as Point Doubling in affine coordinate
representation requires division-operations (thus the calculation of a multiplicative inverse element)
which is a quite time-consuming calculation. For a time-efficient calculation the transformation
into the projective Jacobi coordinates has proven itself, since no division operation is
required here in the named operations. Though, this method requires a back transformation step
in which a multiplicative inverse element must be calculated, but thin only has to be performed
once at the very end of an ECC computation.
************************************************************************************************
*************************************************************************************************
Goal:
Within this project a Linux device driver should be extended by following ECC GF(p) functions:
Preparation, Montgomery Transformation, Affine-to-Jacobi Transformation,
Point Doubling, Point Addition, Jacobi-to-Affine Transformation,
Montgomery Back-transformation.
**************************************************************************************************
**************************************************************************************************
By using a Linux User Space Application the correct functionality should by verified based on
a ECC key generation in GF(p) with the supported ECC GF(p) precision widths. Based on a
Generator Point and a given elliptic curve an ECC key pair should be generated by utilizing the
TRNG.

For the validation of the calculation inside of the CryptoCore the open-source mathematics
software SageMath should be used.
In order to be able to illustrate the time required for ECC key generation with different precision
widths the Real Time Library support (-lrt) should be included.
**************************************************************************************************
The driver code algorithms can be observed in the driver codes between the lines 1550-1940
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
======================================================================================
======================================================================================
Team Members:

Atam Oguz Erkara (Scrum Master)
Aida Nikkhah Nasab
